[v2.8] Removed support for CIS scan profile and benchmarks for versions prior to k8s 1.25 (#3721)
rancher/charts: charts/rancher-cis-benchmark/5.2.0-rc1/app-readme.md

# Rancher CIS Benchmarks

This chart enables security scanning of the cluster using [CIS (Center for Internet Security) benchmarks](https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/kubernetes/).

> For more information on how to use the feature, refer to our [docs](https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.x/en/cis-scans/v2.5/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use the feature, refer to our [docs](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/cis-scan-guides).
```
Update link to `latest` documentation.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## CIS Kubernetes Benchmark support

| Source | Kubernetes distribution                                                                                                                                                                              | scan profile        | Kubernetes versions |
|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|---------------------|
| CIS    | any  | [cis-1.7](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/cis-1.7) | v1.25 |
| CIS    | any | [cis-1.8](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/cis-1.8) | v1.26+ |
| CIS    | rke  | [rke-cis-1.7-permissive](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke-cis-1.7-permissive) | rke1-v1.25     |
| CIS    | rke  | [rke-cis-1.7-permissive](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke-cis-1.7-permissive) | rke1-v1.25     |
| CIS    | rke  | [rke-cis-1.7-hardened](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke-cis-1.7-hardened) | rke1-v1.25     |
| CIS    | rke  | [rke-cis-1.8-permissive](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke-cis-1.8-permissive) | rke1-v1.26+     |
| CIS    | rke  | [rke-cis-1.8-hardened](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke-cis-1.8-hardened) | rke1-v1.26+     |
| CIS    | rke2  | [rke2-cis-1.7-permissive](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke2-cis-1.7-permissive) | rke2-v1.25     |
| CIS    | rke2  | [rke2-cis-1.7-hardened](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke2-cis-1.7-hardened) | rke2-v1.25     |
| CIS    | rke2  | [rke2-cis-1.8-permissive](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke2-cis-1.8-permissive) | rke2-v1.26+     |
| CIS    | rke2  | [rke2-cis-1.8-hardened](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/rke2-cis-1.8-hardened) | rke2-v1.26+     |
| CIS    | k3s  | [k3s-cis-1.7-permissive](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/k3s-cis-1.7-permissive) | k3s-v1.25     |
| CIS    | k3s  | [k3s-cis-1.7-hardened](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/k3s-cis-1.7-hardened) | k3s-v1.25     |
| CIS    | k3s  | [k3s-cis-1.8-permissive](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/k3s-cis-1.8-permissive) | k3s-v1.26+     |
| CIS    | k3s  | [k3s-cis-1.8-hardened](https://github.com/rancher/security-scan/tree/master/package/cfg/k3s-cis-1.8-hardened) | k3s-v1.26+     |
| CIS    | eks  | eks-1.2.0 | eks    |
| CIS    | aks  | aks-1.0 | aks     |
| CIS    | gke  | gke-1.2.0 | gke     |
```
Adding more details in the chart info about supported versions, as it's done on kube-bench: https://github.com/aquasecurity/kube-bench/blob/main/docs/platforms.md .
